docs(configuration): document preferRelative (#4015)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/resolve.md

```

### `resolve.preferRelative`

`boolean`

> When enabled, webpack would prefer to resolve module requests as relative requests than modules from `node_modules` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, webpack would prefer to resolve module requests as relative requests instead of using modules from `node_modules` directories.
```
